Move uploading media to WP Media Library to `MediaImportService` (#20322)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

22.1
-----

> * [***] [internal] Refactor uploading photos (from the device photo, the Free Photo library, and other sources) to the Word Press Media Library. Affected areas are where you can choose a photo and upload, including the "Media" screen, adding images to a post, updating site icon, etc. [#20322]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [***] [internal] Refactor uploading photos (from the device photo, the Free Photo library, and other sources) to the WordPress Media Library. Affected areas are where you can choose a photo and upload, including the "Media" screen, adding images to a post, updating site icon, etc. [#20322]
```
